.TH "CARGO\-OWNER" "1" "July 2016" "The Rust package manager" "Cargo Manual"
.hy
.SH NAME
.PP
baler\-owner \- Manage the owners of a crate of the registry
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[I]baler owner\f[] [OPTIONS] [<CRATE>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command will modify the owners for a package on the specified
registry (or default). Note that owners of a package can upload new
versions, and yank old versions. Explicitly named owners can also modify
the set of owners, so take caution!
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Print this message.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-add \f[I]LOGIN\f[]
Name of a user or team to add as an owner.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-r, \-\-remove \f[I]LOGIN\f[]
Name of a user or team to remove as an owner.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list
List owners of a crate.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-\-index \f[I]INDEX\f[]
Registry index to modify owners for.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Use verbose output.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-q, \-\-quiet
No output printed to stdout.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-\-color \f[I]WHEN\f[]
Coloring: auto, always, never.
.RS
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Add user as an owner of the current package
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ baler\ owner\ \-\-add\ user
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Remove user as an owner of the current package
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ baler\ owner\ \-\-remove\ user
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Use a certain API token to authenticate with
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ baler\ owner\ \-\-token\ U6WHXacP3Qqwd5kze1fohr4JEOmGCuRK2
\f[]
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
baler(1), baler\-publish(1), baler\-login(1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
This work is dual\-licensed under Apache 2.0 and MIT terms.
See \f[I]COPYRIGHT\f[] file in the baler source distribution.
