.TH "CARGO" "1" "May 2016" "The Rust package manager" "Cargo Manual"
.hy
.SH NAME
.PP
baler \- The Rust package manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[I]baler\f[] <COMMAND> [<ARGS>...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This program is a package manager for the Rust language, available at
<http://rust-lang.org>.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display a help message.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Print version information and exit.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-\-list
List all available baler commands.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-\-explain CODE
Run \f[C]rustc\ \-\-explain\ CODE\f[]
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Use verbose output.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B \-\-color
Configure coloring of output.
.RS
.RE
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
To get extended information about commands, run \f[I]baler help
<command>\f[] or \f[I]man baler\-command\f[]
.TP
.B baler\-build(1)
Compile the current project.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-clean(1)
Remove the target directory with build output.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-doc(1)
Build this project\[aq]s and its dependencies\[aq] documentation.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-init(1)
Create a new baler project in the current directory.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-install(1)
Install a Rust binary.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-new(1)
Create a new baler project.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-run(1)
Build and execute src/main.rs.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-test(1)
Run the tests for the package.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-bench(1)
Run the benchmarks for the package.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-update(1)
Update dependencies in Cargo.lock.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-package(1)
Generate a source tarball for the current package.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-publish(1)
Package and upload this project to the registry.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-owner(1)
Manage the owners of a crate on the registry.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-uninstall(1)
Remove a Rust binary.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-search(1)
Search registry for crates.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B baler\-version(1)
Print baler\[aq]s version and exit.
.RS
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.baler
Directory in which Cargo stores repository data.
Cargo can be instructed to use a \f[I]\&.baler\f[] subdirectory in a
different location by setting the \f[B]CARGO_HOME\f[] environment
variable.
.RS
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Build a local package and all of its dependencies
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ baler\ build
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Build a package with optimizations
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ baler\ build\ \-\-release
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Run tests for a cross\-compiled target
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ baler\ test\ \-\-target\ i686\-unknown\-linux\-gnu
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Create a new project that builds an executable
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ baler\ new\ \-\-bin\ foobar
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Create a project in the current directory
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ mkdir\ foo\ &&\ cd\ foo
$\ baler\ init\ .
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Learn about a command\[aq]s options and usage
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ baler\ help\ clean
\f[]
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
rustc(1), rustdoc(1)
.SH BUGS
.PP
See <https://github.com/rust-lang/baler/issues> for issues.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
This work is dual\-licensed under Apache 2.0 and MIT terms.
See \f[I]COPYRIGHT\f[] file in the baler source distribution.
